docs: Documentation updates (#11516)
immich-app/immich: docs/docs/guides/remote-machine-learning.md

Smart Search and Face Detection will use this feature, but Facial Recognition is handled in the server.
:::

:::danger

> When using remote machine learning, the thumb images are sent to the remote machine learning, use this option carefully when running this on a public computer or a paid processing cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using remote machine learning, the thumbnails are sent to the remote machine learning container. Use this option carefully when running this on a public computer or a paid processing cloud.
```
Generally I don't really like the sound of this and I'm not even sure we need it

Author: I'll remove it if it's not relevant, I do think it's worth letting users know that there is a possibility of sensitive information being leaked if they choose to use a company that provides cloud processing power

Reviewer: But that's like internet 101. Of course it's not a good idea to send images around the world without any encryption. I think I'd be happy with only keeping the first part: "When using remote machine learning, the thumbnails are sent to the remote machine learning container."
